# Program2
CS 427 Sliding Tiles & Werewolves solvers

This program consists of two solvers, one for Vampire-Werewolves and one for Sliding Tiles puzzle game. Each solver has 3 search methods implementations, BFS, DFS and a Heuristic Search. Each solver has a test1 predicate which has the demonstrated example. If you wish to run your own example start -> goal state, you must either edit the file, adding your own states to run, or call the go(start, goal) predicate with your start and goal states. Each solver has a state representation which will be explained later. In order to load a file, either call consult('filename.pl'). or [filename]. which will load the file into the database.Once the file is loaded, then you can run the desired predicates.  The Vampire-Werewolves state representation is state(V1,V2,V3,W1,W2,W3,Boat), the first three parameters are Vampires, followed by werewolves, and lastly the position of the boat. Each argument can either be a 0 or a 1, representing the side of the river the individual is on.  
The Sliding Tile puzzle game state representation is a list of 16 distinct numbers between 0 and 15. Where the solver attempts to traverse states from start to the goal state.  
Each implementation, BFS, DFS, HFS are credited to George F Lugar, some minor changes were made to the sliding tile implementations, so that I can check the current state against multiple goal states, in the case that the blank tiles is anywhere in the state, but the tiles are still in the order of the goal state. This was done by expanding the goal state into a list of states, where the blank tile (0) is permuted to each available index position. This allowed me to satisfy the criteria of the sliding tile puzzle.
